story recapped here today i'm going to
explain a drama
fantasy or film called pan's labyrinth
spoilers ahead
watch out and take care in 1944 after
the civil war rebels fight against the
new fascist regime in the mountains of
spain
military posts are deployed to battle
against the resistance
in the underground realm a princess who
dreams of the human world escapes to the
surface
as soon as she sees the sun her memories
are erased with no memories the
princess's body suffers from sickness
and dies
her father the king patiently waits for
her to be reincarnated in the human
world
in spain ophelia travels with her
pregnant mother
carmen who thinks ophelia is too old for
fairy tales
carmen feels sick and stops the car to
rest as her mother rests ophelia wanders
down the road
picking up a peculiar rock then she
finds a stone carving and places the
rock she found on it completing the
image
a large insect comes out of the stone
and flies away just as carmen calls for
ophelia
as they head back to the car carmen
reminds ophelia to show respect to the
captain
who is now her stepfather the car
arrives at the military camp
where carmen's new husband captain vidal
welcomes her warmly
ophelia stretches her hand out to shake
vidal's hand but he grips it tightly
scolding her for using the wrong hand
he orders the housekeeper mercedes to
bring their luggage in before leaving
once he and her mother are gone ophelia
follows the large insect down a
labyrinth near the camp
but mercedes stops her from going
further and takes her back to camp
that evening vidal strategizes in
smoking out the rebels
mercedes brings their food getting a
peek at the map where vidal marks the
new command posts
meanwhile the camps doctor dr ferrero
gives carmen medicine to help her sleep
when he leaves mercedes quietly informs
him that a patient's wound is getting
worse
dr ferrero secretly hands her a package
before leaving to meet with captain
vidal
after he leaves mercedes finds ophelia
watching her feeling troubled
ophelia closes the door and joins her
mother in bed however
she can't sleep worried about the houses
creaking in her mother's marriage to the
captain
to help them sleep ophelia tells her
unborn brother a story
her story is about a sad world where a
rose sits atop a black mountain
whoever plucks the rose will become
immortal but its thorns are poisonous
preventing anyone from reaching it
the rose dies unable to pass its gift to
anyone
below them dr ferrero arrives at vidal's
room reporting carmen's poor health but
the baby remains well
this satisfies vidal who insists that
the baby is a boy and he should be
present when his son is born
despite the fact that carmen's travels
led to her poor condition
outside the doll meets with a father and
his son who were captured after the
soldiers heard gunshots
the father and son were found with a gun
that's been recently fired
the son insists that his father was only
hunting rabbits unconvinced
doll checks the man's bag and finds
suspicious notes in a bottle of liquor
the doll swings the bottle against the
sun's face and bashes his head with it
before shooting the father on the chest
none of the soldiers flinch at their
captains actions vidal continues to
inspect the man's bag
finding a dead rabbit inside he warns
his soldiers to search the suspects
first before bringing them to him
in ophelia and carmen's bedroom the
sound of fluttering wakes ophelia
at the foot of the bed she finds the
strange insect that transforms into a
fairy
the fairy leads ophelia down the
labyrinth guiding her between the
confusing
walls they reach a stairway that leads
to a cave with an ornate stone at the
center
a creature rejoices at her presence
releasing more fairies that hover around
ophelia
it introduces itself as the fawn vowing
to her and calling her princess moana
ophelia tries to correct him but the
fawn insists claiming that the mark on
her shoulder is the proof
it tells her about the king who opened
the portals including the cave so her
soul could return
the fawn tells ophelia that she must
complete three tasks before the full
moon to prove that her soul isn't mortal
it gives her the book of crossroads
which she can only read when she's alone
the book will show her what tasks she
must accomplish the fawn disappears
behind the shadows
leaving ophelia with a blank book the
following morning
vidal orders mercedes to cook the
rabbits he took from the father and son
she takes it to the kitchen before
drawing a hot bath for ophelia
while alone in the bathroom ophelia
takes the book of crossroads hidden
behind the radiator
pictures and words magically appear in
the book entrancing ophelia and making
her lose track of time
she snaps out of it when carmen knocks
on the door telling her to hurry up
ophelia inspects her shoulder in the
mirror where a crescent-shaped birthmark
is
the magical book in the fawn's knowledge
of her birthmark convince ophelia that
she is the reincarnated princess
in the kitchen the helpers prepare for
the dinner party when ophelia walks in
the women compliment her beautiful dress
which carmen personally sewed for
tonight
while mercedes milks a cow ophelia talks
about the fairies and fawn that she met
but mercedes suggests that she shouldn't
trust fawns
the doll calls for mercedes interrupting
them a new batch of food
medicine and tobacco has arrived
requiring mercedes to give the doll the
only key to the storeroom
ophelia walks into the woods reading the
first story from the book of crossroads
it tells her about a dying giant fig
tree that used to house magical
creatures in the forest
ophelia looks up seeing the same tree
from the book in front of her
a monstrous toad resides under the
tree's roots preventing it from thriving
she must feed the toad three magic
stones and retrieve a golden key from
its belly to save the tree
noticing her muddy shoes ophelia leaves
her new dress on a branch before going
inside the tree
once she leaves a gust of wind blows a
ribbon off her dress
up in the mountains the doll's troop
follows smoke that leads them to an
abandoned campfire
he finds a broken package on the grass
with a bottle of antibiotics inside
the doll hears something from a distance
and he calls out daring the rebels to
retrieve their medicine
when there's no response they leave
while the rebel group watches them from
a distance
inside the tree ophelia crawls on the
mud filled with bugs until she finds the
giant tote
the toad eats a bug from her face then
burps loudly ophelia checks her hand
finding a bug among the stones she's
carrying
she offers the bug to the toad then puts
it back among the stones
the toad happily takes and eats them
upon swallowing the stones the toad
throws up its insides where ophelia
finds the golden key
she heads out and finds her new dress
has fallen into the muddy ground
the rain pours as it all welcomes their
guests during dinner the guests complain
about receiving only one food rations
per family but the captain insists on
making sure no one shares the rations
with the rebels
vidal shows them the antibiotic they
found leading them to believe that one
of the rebels is wounded
dr ferrero and mercedes share a troubled
look mercedes leaves telling the other
helpers that she'll look for more wood
for the fire
away from the soldier's eyes she uses
light to send a message to someone in
the woods
when she turns she finds ophelia covered
in mud back in the dining room
carmen shares how she met vidal after
she took over her late husband's task in
making his uniforms
the women are curious about her story
prompting the captain to apologize on
carmen's behalf for sharing their
mundane story
mercedes reports that ophelia is back
leading carmen to excuse herself from
dinner
carmen scolds ophelia for ruining the
dress and tells her that she and the
captain are disappointed in her
later that evening ophelia returns to
the labyrinth where the fawn tells her
to keep the key and gives her a piece of
chalk
the font promises that she will walk
into her palace after she finishes her
other tasks
however upon remembering what mercedes
said ophelia starts to doubt the fawn
the next day ophelia heads to the
bathroom to check the book but instead
of a task the pages turn red
warning her of danger ophelia walks out
of the bathroom finding her mother
covered in blood
that afternoon dr ferrero advises the
captain to have carmen on bed rest until
she gives birth
at his recommendation ophelia has moved
into the attic to give her mother peace
mercedes comforts her as ophelia claims
she will never have a baby seeing what
it did to her mother
ophelia reveals that she knows that
mercedes is helping the rebels promising
that she hasn't told anyone
that evening mercedes sneaks into the
kitchen and retrieves letters and a can
from a hidden compartment
she and dr ferrero meet up with the
rebel group in the woods led by mercedes
brother
pedro at dawn the fawn visits ophelia in
her new bedroom
asking why she hasn't done the next test
yet hearing that ophelia's mother is
sick the fawn gives her a mandrake root
and instructs her to place it under
carmen's bed inside a bowl of milk
she must give it two drops of blood
daily to cure her mother the phone also
lends her the fairies to guide her on
her next task
it warns her about a creature that
she'll meet which will offer her a feast
that she shouldn't drink or eat
in the mountains the rebels take
mercedes and dr ferrero to their hideout
mercedes gives the men supplies while dr
ferrero tends to the wounded man
seeing the wound worse dr ferrero
decides to amputate the leg
back at the camp ophelia reads the task
from the book of crossroads
she draws a door on the wall using the
fawn's chalk and opens it
inside she sets down a chair to help her
climb down then turns an hourglass to
mark her time
she must return before the last sand on
the hourglass falls without eating or
drinking anything inside
she walks into the strange hallway
finding the table full of food
at the end of the table is a strange
pale creature with its eyes on a plate
on the ceiling paintings portray how the
pale man lured children with a
scrumptious feast before devouring them
a pile of abandoned children's shoes
confirms this story ophelia releases the
fairies who show her a set of small lock
doors
with a golden key she opens one of the
doors and retrieves a dagger inside
ophelia passes by the table again but
suddenly becomes interested in the
grapes
the fairies warn her but ophelia swats
them away she takes a grape and eats it
waking up the pale man at the end of the
table
it puts its eyes on its hands then looks
around ophelia enjoys the grapes
ignoring the fairy's warning of the
creature behind her when the fairies
distract the pale man
ophelia finally notices that it's awake
the pale man eats two of the fairies
allowing ophelia time to escape she runs
down the hall seeing the door close
before she reaches it
she tries to draw a new door but the
chalk breaks with trembling fingers she
draws another door on the ceiling
as the creature reaches for her ophelia
climbs into the ceiling
escaping to her bedroom just before the
pale man could grab her meanwhile the
rebel group heads down the mountain as
pedro tells the doctor about
reinforcements that will help them fight
vidal's men
but the doctor isn't convinced knowing
that the government will send more men
after they defeat vidal
he tells pedro to take mercedes out of
the border and keep her safe instead
but pedro is adamant about the cause
mercedes gives pedro a copy of the key
to the storeroom but warns him not to go
yet
back in the camp ophelia prepares the
mandrake route for her mother
the route comes to life upon being set
on the bowl of milk copying her mother's
actions
ophelia takes it under the bed and bites
her finger to give it blood
while she's there the doll and the
doctor arrive noting that carmen is
finally responding to the medicine
vidal tells the doctor that if it comes
to choosing between carmen's or the
baby's life he must save the baby
instead
ophelia hears this worrying for her
mother the sound of explosions alerts
them
the doll checks outside seeing fire and
smoke coming from afar
meanwhile ophelia climbs out from under
the bed and talks to her unborn brother
she begs him to come out without hurting
their mother promising to make him a
prince in her kingdom if he spares
carmen
the soldiers find a wreck train blown up
by the rebels but the cargo remains
untouched
another explosion alerts them that the
camp is in danger the rebels have
infiltrated the camp and raided the
storeroom
the doll checks the lock seeing that
it's suspiciously undamaged
the soldiers continue to fight the
rebels in the woods with vidal taking
the lead
after defeating the rebels they find one
alive and bring him to the storeroom for
questioning
upon hearing this mercedes goes to check
worried that it's pedro
she catches a glimpse of the captive but
discovers that it's not her brother
mercedes remains distracted while
working in the kitchen she takes some
milk and bread to carmen's room
who's being tended by dr ferrero carmen
refuses the sedative
convinced that she's feeling better
meanwhile in the storeroom
it all interrogates the stuttering
captive he dares the captive to count to
three without stuttering
and if he does so he will be free the
captive fails
provoking vidal to swing a hammer to his
face that evening
the fawn visits ophelia in her room
again ophelia thanks it for curing her
mother but apologizes for getting the
fairies eaten
the only living fairy tells the fun what
happened and the incident angers it
ophelia hands at the dagger and
profusely apologizes for eating the
grapes
but the fawn is furious claiming that
she failed and will become mortal
it disappears not interested in helping
her any further
the next day dr ferrero is called in to
heal the wounded captive
he checks the man's broken hand while
the doll finds a bottle of antibiotics
in the doctor's bag
similar to the one from the rebels camp
when vidal leaves the captive warns the
doctor that he gave the captain
information he begs the doctor to kill
him to spare him from suffering
in his office the doll compares the
rebels medicine with the doctors seeing
the match
as they prepare to arrest the doctor he
hears something from carmen's room
the doll pulls ophelia from under
carmen's bed seeing the mandrake root
carmen wakes up to the doll scolding her
daughter the doll blames her for letting
ophelia believe in nonsense like magic
when he leaves carmen tells ophelia to
listen to vidal but ophelia cries
wanting to leave the camp
carmen burns the mandrake root despite
ophelia's protests insisting that magic
doesn't exist
in the fire the root squeals in pain and
as it does carmen collapses
at the storeroom the doll finds that the
doctor has euthanized the captive
dr ferrero claims that it's the only
thing he could do angering him
as the doctor leaves the doll shoots him
on the back the doctor takes a few more
steps before collapsing
upon his death the helpers announce that
carmen is in labor bloodied sheets are
taken out of the bedroom as carmen
screams in pain
vidal and a tearful ophelia wait outside
until the troops paramedic announces
carmen's death
but tells them that the baby survived
after carmen's funeral the next day
ophelia tidies up her mother's room
taking the bottle of the sedative from
her table she lingers in front of
carmen's empty wheelchair
missing her mother that evening vidal
shares to mercedes that there's still a
rebel informant in their camp
the indirect threat frightens her he
orders her to get more liquor from the
storeroom but stops her
reminding her that he still has the only
key to the storeroom vidal notes that
when they were under siege
the lock to the storeroom wasn't broken
mercedes doesn't respond and takes the
key before leaving
knowing that the captain suspects her
mercedes takes her things from under the
kitchen then bids ophelia goodbye
she denies taking ophelia with her at
first but is convinced that the child
isn't safe there
the two leave the camp but are blocked
by vidal and his men the doll drags
ophelia back to her room
slapping her for not telling him about
mercedes he locks the crying girl in her
bedroom while he interrogates mercedes
in the storeroom
vidal takes the letters from mercedes
bag and orders to gather the people who
wrote them
while vidal prepares to torture her
mercedes cuts herself loose using the
kitchen knife hidden under her apron
mercedes stabs with all on the back then
on the chest she threatens him for
harming ophelia before cutting his face
and escaping
outside the soldiers notice mercedes
leave but think that vidal released her
when the wounded vidal comes out he
orders them to chase after her
mercedes runs to the woods followed by
soldiers on horseback
cornered and outnumbered mercedes
threatens to cut her own throat thinking
they were ordered to take her alive
suddenly pedro arrives with
reinforcement rescuing his sister from
the soldiers
meanwhile the fawn revisits ophelia
seeing it ophelia runs to its arms glad
to see a friend
the fawn tells her to take her baby
brother to the labyrinth giving her
another chalk to escape
the captain stitches his own wounded
cheek in his room while ophelia sneaks
inside she hides behind a table
leaving the chalk on top of it as vidal
pours himself a drink he notices the
chalk on his table
crushing it in his hands then searches
for the intruder a soldier interrupts
him
announcing that his lieutenant is back
wounded they leave the room
allowing ophelia to pour sedatives into
vidal's drink
in the dining room the doll learns that
the rest of the soldiers who follow
mercedes are dead the rebels have
recruited at least 50 men
while the doll's group is down to less
than 20 men meanwhile ophelia takes her
brother then hides when vidal returns
he drinks the glass of liquor just
before an explosion brings his attention
to the door
where ophelia stands clutching her
brother he orders her to leave the baby
but she refuses the sedative starts to
work making vidal tumble in his steps
ophelia flees seeing the battle outside
the rebels are taking over his camp but
the doll focuses on retrieving his son
ophelia reaches the labyrinth with the
doll on her tail he clambers around
struggling to focus the walls open for
ophelia to reach the staircase then
closes when vidal reaches it
the fawn celebrates ophelia's success
but she suspects the dagger in its hand
a drop of innocent blood from the baby
is needed to open the portal to the
kingdom but ophelia refuses worried
about her brother
the phone is furious that she would give
up her throne for the baby not warning
ophelia that the doll has arrived behind
her
the doll who doesn't see the fawn takes
the baby from her arms then shoots
ophelia on the stomach
the doll exits the labyrinth blocked by
the rebel group outside
he gives his son to mercedes asking her
to tell his son the exact time that he
died
mercedes tells him that his son will not
even know his name before pedro shoots
the captain
finally ending their battle inside the
labyrinth mercedes finds ophelia's body
ophelia's blood drips inside the cape
below reaching the carved stone that
opens the portal
suddenly ophelia wakes up in a large
palace court where the king and queen
sit on their thrones
the king praises her sacrifice to spill
her own blood rather than the blood of
another innocent
thus completing the final task the phone
emerges and bows to her
the queen invites her to sit on her
throne as the palace applauds the return
of their princess
in the labyrinth ophelia dies with a
smile as mercedes weeps for her
ophelia now reborn as princess moana
reigns with a kind heart in the
underworld for many centuries to come
despite her brief life as another being
the traces of her time on earth remain
visible to those who know where to look
subscribe to watch more videos like this
turn on notifications and leave a like
it really helps the channel out
thank you for watching